

CHONG HAN CHUA


-   c: johncch@outlook.com / +1 (412) 519-2749
-   w: https://fifthrevision.com
-   g: https://github.com/johncch



HELLO


I’ve spent 10+ years managing, building, and launching web and mobile
products. I believe successful products come from user empathy, market
positioning, and cross-functional collaboration.



EXPERIENCE


Product Designer (1st Design Hire)

_Honeycomb, since Oct 2017_

Honeycomb is a data visualization devops tool for developers to debug
software services in production.

-   Redesigned entire product for competitive and strategic advancements
    by listening to developers and analyzing the market. Users found the
    new design “clean” and “easy to use” despite complex workflows.
-   Revamped user onboarding experiences, leading to reduced time to
    first value for new trials.
-   Established design function for a technically-oriented, developer
    focused product. Led brand and product design vision, and
    collaborated with engineering and go-to-market teams on design
    support, feature launches, and working processes.
-   Built credibility and brand equity with target audience by focused
    updates to brand and visual design.


CEO & Co-founder (Product development)

_Echlo, Jan 2016 - Oct 2017_

Echlo was an exploration into productizing real-time geolocation. Our
first app was  Pulse.

-   Designed, built and launched a multi-user, concurrent, persistent,
    location sharing mobile and web app in Swift and React. The app was
    designed to be always on with minimal battery use. We achieved this
    using multiple strategies to acquire and cache the most useful,
    least expensive location.
-   Guided the product strategy from initial conception to later market
    search efforts by talking to users and tracking user engagement
    metrics.


Senior PM (Product & UX)

_Microsoft, Oct 2011 - Dec 2015_

-   Core member of the Outlook Web PM team working on an email service
    for 300M+ users.
-   Worked on the Hotmail to  Outlook.com redesign. Responsible for web
    mail features, including compose, files, design and inbox
    management, elements still present in current product.
-   Unified Microsoft mail UX through constant syncs and collaborations
    across teams and organizations.
-   Led efforts to research, generate and develop mobile strategy and
    app ideas in an executive push for more mobile presence in
    Office 365.
-   Led end-to-end product effort and engineering team for  Twist. This
    was a labs project to explore fun, social photo communications.
    Drove research, planning, roadmap, and vision, partnering with
    stakeholders to bring the product from conception to launch in the
    iOS App Store.


Software Engineer

_IBM, Aug 2008 - July 2010_

-   Designed and built software in C++, Java and JS on project for the
    largest   telco company in Singapore delivering software for
    browsers and touch-screen kiosks in the flagship store.


Contract Design, Strategy, Development

_Self-employed, Since 2000_

I executed design, development, and strategy work for clients of all
sizes. Recent projects include:

-   Consulted for Escher Reality, a YC-funded Augmented Reality (AR)
    startup (acquired). Designed logo, built single and multi-user AR
    experiences in Unity and authored AR Human Interface Guidelines.
-   Designed and built a UI spec through a 13 by 3 LED matrix for the
    smart water IOT company  Phyn.



EDUCATION


Masters in Human-Computer Interaction

_Carnegie-Mellon University, 2011_

1st place, Microsoft Firenze BXT competition. 1st place, Yahoo! HackU
CMU.


B.Eng (Hons.) in Electrical Engineering

_National University of Singapore, 2008_
